[Autogenerated] we moved with her and we're going to
introduce additional logging functionalities.
We are going to use the remaining normal executioner notations
meaning the around annotation and the order annotation.
There is one more requirement to be implemented in order to
track what happens within the system.
Objects as flights,
passengers and tickets should not change their internals too frequently.
If this happens, we should logger message with severe priority.
And this message should be logged before other messages from
the ones we defined in looking aspect one.
So we create this new class and we're calling it logging aspect, too.
We are going to annotate this class as aspect and we're introduced
this longer as private field inside the class.
What are we going to do when the internal state of a flight
of a passenger or of a ticket is changed?
We're going to get the method name.
We are going to get its arguments.
We are going to log a severe message about the method that
has been cold and its first argument.
Then we are going to execute your regional method itself with longer new
silver message with the method name and its result,
and we are going toe return the result of the method itself.
When are we going to execute the log method?
This will be executed around the execution off any setter.
More exactly.
It will be executed when any set method from the package.
Com dot parasite dot spring GOP dot flies
management dot domain will be executed.
So we are going toe annotated this log method with around and will pass
all centers as argument of the method as the messages logged by this
class have higher priority than the ones from looming aspect one will
annotate looking aspecto with order of two and well edited looking
Aspect one with order of one.
We also need to configure the application to create the new
logging aspecto bean we are introducing in AARP dot xml this
logging aspecto bean belonging to the class comb that parasite dot
spring AARP dot flights management, not aspects,
not logging aspect, too.
We introduced this been here in a o p dot XML,
and this way it will arrive under the management of the spring container.
Let's run the current application.
They're logging aspect.
Message related to a set number method has been
displayed before the longing aspect.
Message Belonging.
Toa Logging Aspect one class.
So we created an application that has implemented a series
of Logan capabilities using Spring A O.
P.
And normal executioner Notations Aspect Point got before
after after returning around and order.
So what did you do during this model?
We introduced the flight management application Ah program.
Working with flights, passengers and thickets,
we implemented new logging features working with
aspect for the normal execution floor.
We created aspects that managed logging operations on.
We'll use the normal execution annotations aspect Point got
before After after returning around and order,
we'll continue the development of the application,
introducing crosscutting concerns for cashing and for exceptions. See you in the next model.